Fix RiverPod passage (#8847)
flutter/website: src/data-and-backend/state-mgmt/options.md

## Riverpod

> Riverpod works in a similar fashion to Provider.
> It is also compile-safe and testable.
> Riverpod doesn't depend on the Flutter SDK.

Reviewer: Rewriting passive voice.

```suggestion
Riverpod, which works in a similar fashion to Provider,' is also compile-safe and testable.
Riverpod doesn't depend on the Flutter SDK.
```
